
When and why BDD was defined

At the beggining of the proyect, BDD is a development methodology
that define for the team (PO, Dev,the QA team write scenarios).


The most important aspects of BDD

-It does a focus in the logic bussiness
-Permit to write user stories, scenarios and acceptance test

Why is useful and when could be applied.

	- Collaboration.- The PO, DEV & QA team could participate
	-Simple Specification.- Is easy to understand.
	-Easy Feedback.- Easy to explain because the features use a human language.
	-Avoid rework in requirements definition.- Avoid the missesunderstanting problems.
	-Self documentation.- Easy to understand from the documentation.
	-Focus on Behavior.-  Context, Results based in the Behavior.

Which type of teams could implement BDD

A team that start at the beginning with the develop and the test for the product could work with BDD,
because any user storie can be a feature then from the feature we can write more scenaries,
then in order to verify the behavior for each of them.

*Structure of a feature – Give an example

Feature: Create a new Game
Description: After the user open the game for first time, he could start a new Campain.

Scenario: Create a new Campain from main menu
    Given: A open main menu in the game
    And: A valid user credentials
    When: I press the "New Campain" button
    And: I fill all the requirement fields
    And: Press the "Create Game" button
    Then: I should create a new campain.


*Structure of a user story – Give an example

Tittle: Send SMS to verify my  credit
As a final user
I want to send an SMS to know my credit
So that the final user could recieve a message with his credit information

*Structure of a scenario – Give an example

Scenario: Create a new Campain from main menu
    Given: A open main menu in the game
    And: A valid user credentials
    When: I press the "New Campain" button
    And: I fill all the requirement fields
    And: Press the "Create Game" button
    Then: I should create a new campain.

*Differences between BDD and BDT
BDD:
Focus in the logic  business, it start at the begins with the business goal
Behavior-driven development specifies that tests of any unit of software
should be specified in terms of the desired behavior.

BDT:
Is a redeable language that allows you to describe a behavior of a feature
use the user stories in order to write scenarios


